My dear Harriet, 
I was so delighted to receive your letter and to 
learn that you have been accepted to Royal 
Holloway. It’s a good college and I know that the 
history department there is particularly strong. I can see why it was your first choice, and I am very pleased for you. You worked hard to enter 
that college, and you deserve your success. I’m so proud of you. Well done, Harriet! I send you my 
best wishes for a happy time at university.
With my love, 
Elaine


Some people need money more than we do. For example, some people have lost their homes due to natural disasters or war, while others don’t have enough food or clothing. So 
this year, for our birthdays, let’s tell our friends and family 
to donate money to a charity instead of buying us presents. 
I know that some kids might not want to give up their 
birthday presents, and I understand. However, remember that we can live without new toys or games more easily than someone can live without food, clothing, or shelter. So, we should tell our friends and family that, for our birthdays this 
year, we want to give to others.

When you skip breakfast, you are like a car trying to run without fuel. Experts say that a nutritious breakfast is the 
brain’s fuel. A brain that is fully fueled concentrates better 
and solves problems faster. Some students say that getting a few extra minutes of sleep is more important than eating a bowl of oatmeal, but they’re wrong. Of course, sleeping is 
important, but going to bed a half­hour earlier would be 
better than sleeping late and skipping breakfast. For students 
who want to do well in school, breakfast is the most 
important meal of the day. Give your brain the fuel it needs 
to run well. To think more clearly and faster, eat a good 
breakfast.

When you skip breakfast, you are like a car trying to run without fuel. Experts say that a nutritious breakfast is the 
brain’s fuel. A brain that is fully fueled concentrates better 
and solves problems faster. Some students say that getting a few extra minutes of sleep is more important than eating a bowl of oatmeal, but they’re wrong. Of course, sleeping is 
important, but going to bed a half­hour earlier would be 
better than sleeping late and skipping breakfast. For students 
who want to do well in school, breakfast is the most 
important meal of the day. Give your brain the fuel it needs 
to run well. To think more clearly and faster, eat a good 
breakfast.

Dr. John Ross was well­known for helping his patients. 
Many of his patients were poor farmers, and they could not 
always afford to pay Dr. Ross’s small fee. The good doctor 
would accept vegetables, eggs, or even a simple “thank you” 
in payment. One winter afternoon, he went to a house to see a child with a fever. The girl’s family had run out of 
the firewood they needed to keep their tiny house warm. Dr. 
Ross grabbed a spare blanket from his car and told the 
father to bathe his daughter’s forehead with cool water. 
Then Dr. Ross left to take care of other patients. After setting a broken leg, delivering a baby, and cleaning an 
infected finger, he returned to the sick child’s house with a 
load of firewood. He built a fire for the little girl and her 
family.


Problems can appear to be unsolvable. We are social 
animals who need to discuss our problems with others. 
When we are alone, problems become more serious. By 
sharing, we can get opinions and find solutions. An 
experiment was conducted with a group of women who had 
low satisfaction in life. Some of the women were introduced 
to others who were in similar situations, and some of the women were left on their own to deal with their concerns. Those who interacted with others reduced their concerns by 
55 percent over time, but those who were left on their own showed no improvement.

Ester awoke one morning to the sound of a heavily 
pouring April shower. She looked out her window and saw the rain slowly beginning to fade. A brilliant curved arc of 
colors crossed the sky. It was a beautiful rainbow. Ester 
leaped from her bed with delight, dashed into the living 
room, and shouted, “Mom, come here. Look at this beautiful 
rainbow! It is gorgeous!” “Ester, calm down,” her mother 
said, as she followed her daughter to the window where she 
could see the rainbow. And there it was! A brilliance of 
beautiful colors that lit up the sky! It was the first rainbow 
that Ester had ever seen. 

The addax is a kind of antelope found in some areas in 
the Sahara Desert. It has twisted horns and short, thick 
legs. It is an endangered mammal and there are only about 
500 left in the wild. The head and body length of the addax measures 150 - 170 centimeters. Males are slightly taller 
than females. The coat of the addax changes in color 
depending on the season. In winter, the addax is 
grayish­brown with white legs. During summer, their coat 
gets lighter, and is almost completely white. The addax 
prefers sandy desert areas and stony deserts. The addax is 
mostly active at night due to the heat of the desert. 

Farm Experience Days
Come and enjoy our Farm Experience Days.
Here are some activities you can enjoy: ▪ Collect eggs from our hens ▪ Feed the cows, sheep, and pigs ▪ Walk around the farm to learn about the animals
­ The activities of the day may change according to the 
weather. ­ The fee is $50 per person. This includes a hearty, 
homemade lunch. ­ Reservations are required. ­ We’re only open on weekdays.
For more information, please call us at 5252 ­ 7088


The graph above shows rice exports by four major 
exporters in 2012 and 2013. ① No other country exported more rice than India in 2012. ② In both years, Pakistan 
exported the smallest amount of rice of the four countries. 
③ In 2012, the amount of rice exported by India was about 
three times larger than that exported by Pakistan. ④ The 
amount of rice exported by Thailand in 2013 decreased, 
compared with the previous year. ⑤ In 2013, Thailand 
exported almost the same amount of rice as Vietnam.


One cool thing about my Uncle Arthur was that he could 
always pick the best places to camp. One time, we went to 
Garrison Rock. Uncle Arthur said that the Indians stayed 
there. On trips like this, he would always have a good story 
② to tell. His stories were always aimed at  helping us children use our brains to get out of trouble. For example, one story was about a guy being ④ chased by a big dog. 
They ran into a field. We kids were thinking that the dog 
would catch him. But the guy saw a bathtub in the field. He ran to the bathtub and ⑤ pulled it over himself. The dog just 
barked and barked until it went away. Then the guy came out 
of the bathtub, and went home.

When Gandhi was fifteen, he stole a piece of gold from 
his brother’s bracelet. Gandhi was so troubled by his guilt 
that one day  he decided to tell his father what he had 
done. He wrote a letter asking his father to punish  him. Then, Gandhi handed the letter to his father who was lying 
ill in bed. His father quietly sat up and read the letter and 
soaked it with  his tears. A little later, his father tore up 
the letter. Through his father’s action of tearing up the 
letter, Gandhi knew  he was forgiven. From that day on, 
he always kept his father’s tears and love in his heart 
and went on to be a great leader.

The laser pointer, which became popular in the 1990s, was at 
first typically thick to hold in the hand. Before long, such pointers came in slimmer pocket models and became easier to handle. Still, 
the laser pointer had its own (A) weaknesses . Batteries were required and had to be replaced, and the shaky 
hand movements of a nervous lecturer were (B) shown
in the sudden motion of the glowing red dot. Moreover, the red 
dot could be difficult to see against certain backgrounds, thus 
making the laser pointer (C) inferior even to a simple 
stick. To correct this problem, more advanced and thus more expensive green­beam laser pointers came to be introduced.

Armand Hammer was a great businessman who died in 
1990 at the age of ninety­two. He was once asked how a man of his age had the energy to continually travel the world 
to do business and meet with heads of governments. He said, 
“I love my work. I can’t wait to start a new day. I never wake up without being full of ideas. Everything is a challenge.” George Bernard Shaw, one of the most successful 
writers of all time, said something similar about a hundred 
years earlier. He wrote, “I want to be thoroughly used up 
when I die, for the harder I work, the more I live.” I think 
Hammer and Shaw would have agreed with me that nothing can replace hard work in life.

Let me give you a piece of advice that might change your 
mind about being courageous . Suppose that your doctor 
said that you have six months to live and recommended that 
you do everything you ever wanted to do. What would you 
do? Have you always wanted to sky dive, or climb cliffs, or maybe live alone in the woods for a month but been afraid 
you might be harmed? What difference would it make if you now attempted it? You’d almost certainly live through it and 
it would enrich the time you had left. Wouldn’t it be nice to 
go out saying you had faced all your fears? Why do you 
wait till you have a death sentence? If it’s that important to 
you, do it now. 


It is not always easy to eat well when you have a newborn baby. It can seem like you do not have time to 
prepare tasty nutritious meals or even to eat them. You will 
need to learn the following trick. Try not to wait until you are really hungry to think about eating.
When you have a newborn baby, 
preparing food will probably take longer than usual. If you 
start when you are already hungry, you will be absolutely 
starving before the food is ready. When you are starving 
and tired, eating healthy is difficult. You may want to eat 
fatty fast food, chocolates, cookies or chips. This type of 
food is okay sometimes, but not every day. 

All living languages change, but the rate of change varies 
from time to time and from language to language. 
 for example , the modern Icelander does not find it very 
difficult to read the Icelandic sagas from the Middle Ages. 
This is because the rate of change in Icelandic has always 
been slow, ever since the country was ruled by Norwegians a thousand years ago and Icelandic history began. In contrast, the English find an English document of the year 1300 very 
difficult to understand unless they have special training. And an English document of the year 900 seems to them to be 
written in a foreign language. They may think, mistakenly, 
that it has no connection with Modern English.

Music study enriches all the learning ― in reading, math, 
and other subjects ― that children do at school.  It also 
helps to develop language and communication skills.  As 
children grow, musical training continues to help them 
develop the discipline and self­confidence needed to 
achieve in school.  Studying while listening to music causes students to have a difficult time learning the 
material.  The day­to­day practice in music, along with 
setting goals and reaching them, develops self­discipline, 
patience, and responsibility. That discipline carries over to other areas, such as doing homework and other school 
projects on time and keeping materials organized. 

I took a job on the night shift because the money was much better.Unfortunately, working at night meant I could no longer 
have dinner with my wife and kids. A sandwich in the 
cafeteria isn’t exactly the same thing as a hot meal at 
home. One night, my wife surprised me by packing up the kids 
and dinner and coming to see me at work. The five of us sat around the cafeteria table and it was the best 
meal I’d had in a long time. I took a slightly longer break than usual and my boss 
wasn’t too happy about that. So, we couldn’t do it very 
often, but I loved it when they came. 

Detective work is a two­part process. First, a detective 
must find the clues. But the clues alone don’t solve the case. The detective must also draw conclusions based on those clues. These conclusions are also called 
inferences. Inferences are conclusions based on reasons, 
facts, or evidence.The same sort of process takes place in reading. You 
need to look for clues and then draw conclusions based on those clues. What is the writer trying to say? Good conclusions come from good observations. To be a better reader, be more like Sherlock Holmes: be more observant.

Shoppers usually have a limited amount of money to spend 
and a limited amount of time to shop.  It is important to 
realize that shopping is really a search for information. 
You may obtain information from an advertisement, a friend, a salesperson, a label, a magazine article, the Internet, or several other sources. ( ③ ) You may also gain information 
from actual use of the product, such as trying on a dress, 
test­driving a car, or taking advantage of a promotion at a fitness center. However, shoppers should understand that getting any of 
these sources of information has costs. These costs may include transportation 
costs and time.  Only you can decide whether to take 
the costs or not. 

For the most part, people who live or work in cities walk 
throughout the day ― to go from the parking lot to the office, 
to shop, and to run errands.  It’s often easier and 
cheaper to walk a few blocks than to wait for a taxi or subway. In this way, exercise can be structured into 
the daily routine. This is not the case for people who live in the suburbs. Because the suburbs are spread out, 
it’s too far to walk to the office or run to the store. 
Walking to the bus stop used to provide at least some movement, but now most public transportation is limited, so suburban people drive everywhere. ( ⑤ ) The price they pay 
is limited physical movement during the day.

Natural boundaries between states or countries are found along rivers, lakes, deserts, and mountain ranges. 
Among them, river boundaries would seem to be ideal: 
they provide clear separation, and they are established and 
recognized physical features. In reality, however, river 
boundaries can change as rivers change course. Following 
flooding, a river’s course may shift, altering the boundary 
between states or countries. For example, the Rio Grande, 
separating the United States and Mexico, has frequently 
shifted its course, causing problems in determining the 
exact location of the international boundary.
A river seems to be ideal in establishing boundaries, but 
in fact it isn’t, because its course is chageable.

A few years ago, I asked two groups of people to spend an afternoon picking up trash in a park. I told them that 
they were participating in an experiment to examine the 
best way to make people take care of their local parks. 
One group was paid very well for their time, but the other was only given a small amount of cash. After an hour of 
hard, boring work, everyone rated how much they enjoyed 
the afternoon. You might think that those who earned a lot 
of money would have been more positive than those who 
earned very little.In fact, the result was the exact opposite. The average 
enjoyment for the well­paid group was only 2 out of 10, 
while the poorly paid group’s average rating was an amazing 8.5. It seemed that those who had been paid well 
thought, “Well, people usually pay me to do things I dislike. 
I was paid a large amount, so I must dislike cleaning the 
park.” In contrast, those who received less money thought, 
“I don’t need to be paid much to do something I enjoy. I 
worked for very little pay, so I must have enjoyed cleaning 
the park.” According to the result of this study, it seems that giving excessive 　rewards may have a negative 
effect on the attitude of the people doing the work.


My husband David called me on my cell phone the week before our daughter's wedding and said, We have a ploblem.
He told me that the electric company announced a future  power usage  in our neighborhood to allow for a major repair.
The real problem was that we were going to have the power outrage  on the day of the wedding. I called the electric company to ask, or rather to beg, 
them to put off the repair work since we really, really 
needed our house to prepare for the wedding (makeup, 
hair, etc.). I was immediately transferred to a manager 
named Rosa. She understood the problem and explained 
that they absolutely couldn’t reschedule the power outage, 
but  she would see what she could do. Two days later, Rosa called to say that they could not 
let only our house keep its electricity. Then she said, 
“We can let you use a room in our company’s building.” I was surprised and asked if (d) she had ever done that. 
She said, “Actually, it’s happened before.” The next day, 
Rosa called again in a happy voice and said that she had 
found a solution. She told me that my daughter would be 
able to use electricity and prepare for  her wedding at 
home. So we got up early on Sunday morning, and found a generator parked right outside of our house ―it was (a) her
solution. That’s right ―our house was connected to electricity 
all day from our own private generator while the rest of the 
neighborhood had a blackout! It was amazing. Rosa made it 
clear that our happiness was important to  her as well. 
There are truly people with big hearts. Kindness is still alive.
 


Dear citizens,
As you all know from seeing the pictures on 
television and in the newspaper, Central America has 
been hit hard by a series of hurricanes. Tens of 
thousands of people are homeless and without basic 
necessities like food and clothing. I feel that we need 
to do something to help. So, we are asking you to 
donate canned goods, warm clothes, blankets, and 
money. Please bring all donations to the community
center between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m., Saturday, 
September 10. Thank you for helping your fellow 
human beings in their time of desperate need.
Sincerely,
George Anderson

I heard something moving slowly along the walls. I 
searched for a match in the dark and tried to strike it, but 
it wouldn’t light. This time I was certain: Something was 
moving in the tunnels, something alive, and it wasn’t a rat. 
A very unpleasant smell came into my nostrils. Finally, I 
managed to light a match. At first I was blinded by the 
flame; then I saw something creeping toward me. From all 
the tunnels. Shapeless figures crawling like spiders. The 
match fell from my trembling fingers. I wanted to start 
running, but I couldn’t.

Since you can’t use gestures, make faces, or present an 
object to readers in writing, you must rely on words to do 
both the telling and the showing. Show more than you tell. 
Use words to make the reader see. For example, don’t leave 
the reader guessing about Laura’s beautiful hair. Show how 
the gentle wind touches the edge of her silky, brown hair. 
Don’t just say you felt happy. Show yourself leaping down 
the steps four at a time, coat unzipped, shouting in the 
wind, “Hurray, I did it!”

It is important to recognize your pet’s particular needs and 
respect them. If your pet is an athletic, high­energy dog, for 
example, he or she is going to be much more manageable 
indoors if you take him or her outside to chase a ball for an 
hour every day. If your cat is shy and timid, he or she 
won’t want to be dressed up and displayed in cat shows. 
Similarly, you cannot expect macaws to be quiet and still all 
the time ― they are, by nature, loud and emotional creatures, 
and it is not their fault that your apartment doesn’t absorb 
sound as well as a rain forest.

Hydroelectric power is a clean and renewable power 
source. However, there are a few things about dams that are 
important to know. To build a hydroelectric dam, a large 
area must be flooded behind the dam. Whole communities 
sometimes have to be moved to another place. Entire forests 
can be drowned. The water released from the dam can be 
colder than usual and this can affect the ecosystems in the 
rivers downstream. It can also wash away riverbanks and 
destroy life on the river bottoms. The worst effect of dams 
has been observed on salmon that have to travel upstream 
to lay their eggs. If blocked by a dam, the salmon life cycle 
cannot be completed.

Give children options and allow them to make their own 
decisions ― on how much they would like to eat, whether 
they want to eat or not, and what they would like to have. 
For example, include them in the decision­making process of 
what you are thinking of making for dinner ― “Lisa, would 
you like to have pasta and meatballs, or chicken and a baked 
potato?” When discussing how much they should eat during 
dinner, serve them a reasonable amount; if they claim they 
are still “hungry” after they are through, ask them to wait 
five to ten minutes, and if they continue to feel hunger, 
then they can have a second plate of food. These are 
fantastic behaviors that, when taught properly, teach brilliant
self­confidence and self­control.

The above graph shows the world’s top international 
tourism spenders in 2014. ① China was at the top of the list 
with a total of 165 billion dollars. ② The United States of 
America (USA), the world’s second largest spender, spent 
more than twice as much as Russia on international tourism. 
③ Germany, which spent 20 billion dollars less than the 
USA, took third place. ④ The United Kingdom (UK) spent 
58 billion dollars, which was less than half of the amount 
spent by the USA. ⑤ Of the five spenders, Russia spent the 
smallest amount of money on international tourism


Green Chef Cooking Contest 
Welcome to our cooking contest! This is a community 
event. Your challenge is to use a seasonal ingredient to 
create a delicious dish.
▪ When: Sunday, April 10, 2016, 3 p.m.
▪ Where: Hill Community Center 
▪ Prizes: Gift cards to three winners 
Register at www.hillgreenchef.com
Sign up by April 6
Participants should prepare their dishes beforehand and 
bring them to the event.
Can’t cook? Come eat! Join us in sampling the dishes 
and help to judge for just $3.


Family Movie Night
Join us for a ‘free’ Family Movie Night in the Bluebird 
Elementary School gym on Thursday, May 12 at 6:30 
p.m. Movie: SNOW PRINCE
Free Popcorn for Everyone!
Pizza and soft drinks will be available for sale. 
Pizza Slice: $1.50 
Soft Drinks: $1.00 
Students must be accompanied by their parents or 
guardian for the entire evening.
Bring your own blanket or pillow and get comfortable!

Kaspar Fürstenau was a German flutist and composer. 
After he was orphaned, Anton Romberg took care of him and 
taught him to play the bassoon, but Fürstenau was more 
interested in the flute. At the age of 15, he was already a 
skilled flutist and played in a military band. In 1793-94, 
Fürstenau made his first concert tour in Germany. In 1794, 
he became a member of the “Chamber Orchestra of 
Oldenburg,” where he played until the orchestra was 
abolished in 1811. Kaspar Fürstenau continued his career as 
a flutist performing together with his son Anton Fürstenau in 
the major cities of Europe. 

Your parents may be afraid that you will not spend your 
allowance wisely. You may make some foolish spending 
choices, but if you  do, the decision to do so is your own 
and hopefully you will learn from your mistakes. Much of 
learning occurs through trial and error. Explain to your 
parents that money is something you will have to deal with 
for the rest of your life. It is better what you make 
your mistakes early on rather than later in life. Explain 
that you will have a family someday and you need to know 
how  to manage your money. Not everything  is taught
at school! 

In most people, emotions are situational. Something in 
ththe here and now makes you mad. The emotion itself is 
 rrelated to the situation in which it originates. 
As As long as you remain in that emotional situation, you’re 
likely to stay angry. If you leave the situation, the opposite 
isis true. The emotion begins to disappear as 
soon as you move away from the situation. Moving away 
frfrom the situation prevents it from taking hold of you. 
CoCounselors often advise clients to get some emotional 
distance from whatever is bothering them. 
OnOne easy way to do that is to geographically separate 
yoyourself from the source of your anger.

Six­month­old Angela is sitting in her high chair during 
lunch and sees her bottle on the table. ① She is pretty tired
― it’s been a tough day! ― and she wants her bottle. She 
looks at it as her mother, Sophie, feeds ② her and gets 
more and more frustrated. Eventually, she turns away from 
her mother’s spoonfuls, arches her back, turns around in her 
high chair, and vocalizes as if ③ she is about to cry. Sophie 
is clueless about what Angela wants. When Sophie happens 
to look at the table for another reason, ④ she notices the 
bottle on it. “That’s what you want,” she says, and gives 
Angela ⑤ her bottle. Success at last!

Recently on a flight to Asia, I met Debbie, who was 
warmly greeted by all of the flight attendants and was even 
welcomed aboard the plane by the pilot. Amazed at all the 
attention being paid to her, I asked if she worked with the 
airline. She did not, but she deserved the attention, for this 
flight marked the milestone of her flying over 4 million 
miles with this same airline. During the flight I learned that 
the airline’s CEO personally called her to thank her for using 
their service for a long time and she received a catalogue of 
fine luxury gifts to choose from. Debbie was able to acquire 
this special treatment for one very important reason: she 
was a royal customer to that one airline. 


Some of the most extensive research on the subject of 
success was conducted by George and Alec Gallup. They 
interviewed people acknowledged as successful in a wide 
variety of areas: business, science, literature, education, 
religion, etc. The goal of the researchers was to determine 
what these high­achieving people had in common. There was 
one thing they all had in common: the willingness to work long, hard hours.
All of them agreed that success wasn’t 
something that had just happened to them due to luck or 
special talents. It happened because they’d made it happen 
through continuous effort. Instead of looking for shortcuts and
ways to avoid hard work, these people welcomed it as a 
necessary part of the process. 

 When you’re eager to get your slice of the pie, why would 
you be interested in giving a hand to other people so that 
they can get their piece? If Ernest Hamwi had taken that 
attitude when he was selling zalabia, a very thin Persian 
waffle, at the 1904 World’s Fair, he might have ended his 
days as a street vendor. Hamwi noticed that a nearby 
ice­cream vendor ran out of bowls to serve to his customers. 
Most people would have sniffed, “Not my problem,” perhaps 
even hoping the ice­cream vendor’s misfortune would mean 
more customers for them. Instead, Hamwi rolled up a waffle 
and put a scoop of ice cream on top, creating one of the 
world’s first ice­cream cones. He  helped his neighboand, in the 
process, made a fortune.

What’s happening when we’re actually doing two things at 
once? It’s simple. Our brain has channels, and so we’re able 
to process different kinds of data in different parts of our 
brain. Therefore , you can talk and walk at the same time. 
There is no channel interference. But you’re not really 
focused on both activities. One is happening in the 
foreground and the other in the background. If you were 
trying to explain on the cell phone how to operate a 
complex machine, you’d stop walking. Similarily, if you 
were crossing a rope bridge over a valley, you’d likely stop 
talking. You can do two things at once, but you can’t focus 
effectively on two things at once.

Maybe you have watched the sun as it was setting in 
the sky. Sometimes it looks as though it is on fire, 
especially when it is shining through the clouds.The reason it looks that way is that the sun is on fire. 
Can you guess how hot the fire at the center of the 
sun is?It is more than 25 million degrees on the Fahrenheit 
scale! That’s 250,000 times hotter than the hottest 
summer day at your favorite amusement park.  But what may surprise you even more is there are 
many stars in the universe that are thousands of times 
hotter than the sun.

I did a television show once with Louis Armstrong. All 
of a sudden, as Louis was playing, a fly landed on his 
nose. So he blew it off. He kept singing, and the fly landed 
back on his nose. So he blew it off again. It was being 
taped, and everyone in the audience tried not to show 
they were laughing.They didn’t want to let their laughter out and ruin his 
performance. When Louis finished, everybody burst into 
laughter.  And then the director came out and said: “Let’s do one 
more take without the fly.” But that was the take he 
should have put on TV.

Most dictionaries list names of famous people. The 
editors must make difficult decisions about whom to include 
and whom to exclude. Webster’s New World 
Dictionary, for example, includes Audrey Hepburn but leaves 
out Spencer Tracy. It lists Bing Crosby, not Bob 
Hope; Willie Mays, not Micky Mantle. Executive 
editor Michael Agnes explains that names are chosen based 
on their frequency of use and their usefulness to the reader. 
According to him, however, entertainers who are alive 
are not included.  For that very reason, Elton John and Paul McCartney 
aren’t in the dictionary, but both Marilyn Monroe and Elvis 
Presley, who died decades ago, are.

It’s great to have people in your life who believe in you 
and cheer you on.  They are truly interested in what 
you are trying to achieve and support you in all of your 
goals and efforts.  Each of us needs people in our 
lives who encourage us so that we can feel confident in our 
capabilities and move forward toward our goals. But there will be times in your life when there is no 
one around to stand up and cheer you on. When 
this happens, don’t get depressed. Instead, become 
your own cheerleader.  Give yourself a motivational 
pep talk because nobody knows your strengths and talents 
better than you and no one can motivate you better than 
you.

The water that is embedded in our food and manufactured 
products is called “virtual water.” For example, about 265 
gallons of water is needed to produce two pounds of wheat. 
So, the virtual water of these two pounds of wheat is 
265 gallons. Virtual water is also present in dairy 
products, soups, beverages, and liquid medicines.  Every day, humans consume lots of virtual water 
and the content of virtual water varies according to 
products.  For instance, to produce two pounds of meat 
requires about 5 to 10 times as much water as to produce 
two pounds of vegetables.

Children are much more resistant to giving something 
to someone else than to helping them. One can observe 
this difference clearly in very young children. Even 
though one­and­a­half­year­olds will support each other in 
difficult situations, they are not willing to share their 
own toys with others. The little ones even defend their 
possessions with screams and, if necessary, blows. This 
is the daily experience of parents troubled by constant 
quarreling between toddlers. There was no word I heard 
more frequently than “Mine!” from my daughters when 
they were still in diapers. Although very young children will help each other 
in difficult situations, they are unwilling to share
their possessions.

Food is one of the most important tools you can use 
as a manager. Having a full stomach makes people feel 
satisfied and happier. Eating together gives employees 
time to make connections with each other. Providing an 
occasional snack or paying for a lunch now and then can 
help your employees feel appreciated and make the 
office feel more welcoming. These do not need to be 
elaborate setups. If you have a small budget, you’re not 
going to want to buy lunch at a restaurant for your 
entire group. Bringing in some cookies once in a while is 
enough; you can also encourage employees to bring in 
food themselves.The key to using food effectively is for it not to 
become a planned event. If everyone knows you bring 
donuts to the Friday morning meeting, it becomes an 
expectation and not a surprise. To create goodwill, the 
food must appear to be unexpected. It is also a good 
idea to praise employees who bring food in without 
being asked; this creates an atmosphere of sharing.

Families don’t grow strong unless parents invest 
precious time in them. In New Man, Gary Oliver writes 
about a difficult decision made by professional baseball 
player Tim Burke concerning his family. From the time Tim can first remeber, his dream was to be a 
professional baseball player. Through years of hard work 
 he achieved that goal. While he was a successful pitcher for the Montreal 
Expos, he and his wife wanted to start a family but 
discovered that they were unable to have children. After 
much thought, they decided to adopt four special­needs 
international children. This led to one of the most 
difficult decisions of Tim’s life. He discovered that his life on the road conflicted with 
his ability to be a quality husband and dad. Over time, it 
became clear that  he couldn’t do a good job at both. 
After more thought, he made what many considered an 
unbelievable decision: he decided to give up 
professional baseball.When Tim left the stadium for the last time, a 
reporter stopped him. And then he asked why he 
was retiring. “Baseball is going to do just fine without 
me,” he said to the reporter. “It’s not going to miss a 
beat. But I’m the only father my children have and I’m 
the only husband my wife has. And they need me a lot 
more than baseball does.”


Dear Mrs. Coling,
My name is Susan Harris and I am writing on
behalf of the students at Lockwood High School.
Many students at the school have been working on
a project about the youth unemployment problem in
Lockwood. You are invited to attend a special
presentation that will be held at our school
auditorium on April 16th. At the presentation,
students will propose a variety of ideas for
developing employment opportunities for the youth
within the community. As one of the famous
figures in the community, we would be honored by
your attendance. We look forward to seeing you
there.Sincerely, Susan Harris.

Finally, it was Shaun’s turn to give a speech. When he
opened his mouth, nothing but air escaped his throat. Then
he tried to speak again, not knowing what to say. He had
prepared to talk about time and he started with the word:
‘Time....’ But nothing followed. Shaun could not find the
words. Laughter started to pass through the auditorium from
front to back. Even the judges looked disappointed. He didn’t
know what to say. He looked into the crowd. The audience
at the contest were laughing out loud now, at him, at his
inability.

Recent studies show some interesting findings about habit
formation. In these studies, students who successfully
acquired one positive habit reported less stress; less
impulsive spending; better dietary habits; decreased caffeine
consumption; fewer hours spent watching TV; and even
fewer dirty dishes. Keep working on one habit long enough,
and not only does it become easier, but so do other things
as well. It’s why those with the right habits seem to do
better than others. They’re doing the most important thing
regularly and, as a result, everything else is easier.

Noise in the classroom has negative effects on
communication patterns and the ability to pay attention.
Thus, it is not surprising that constant exposure to noise is
related to children’s academic achievement, particularly in its
negative effects on reading and learning to read. Some
researchers found that, when preschool classrooms were
changed to reduce noise levels, the children spoke to each
other more often and in more complete sentences, and their
performance on prereading tests improved. Research with
older children suggests similar findings. On reading and math
tests, elementary and high school students in noisy schools
or classrooms consistently perform below those in quieter
settings.

Studies from cities all over the world show the importance
of life and activity as an urban attraction. People gather
where things are happening and seek the presence of other
people. Faced with the choice of walking down an empty or
a lively street, most people would choose the street with
life and activity. The walk will be more interesting and feel
safer. Events where we can watch people perform or play
music attract many people to stay and watch. Studies of
benches and chairs in city space show that the seats with
the best view of city life are used far more frequently than
those that do not offer a view of other people.

 Consumers are generally uncomfortable with taking high
risks. As a result, they are usually motivated to use a lot of
strategies to reduce risk. Consumers can collect additional
information by conducting online research, reading news
articles, talking to friends or consulting an expert.
Consumers also reduce uncertainty by buying the same brand
that they did the last time, believing that the product should
be at least as satisfactory as their last purchase. In addition,
some consumers may employ a simple decision rule that
results in a safer choice. For example, someone might buy
the most expensive offering or choose a heavily advertised
brand in the belief that this brand has higher quality than
other brands.

Average Daily Internet Usage by Device
The above graph shows Americans’ average daily Internet
usage time by device from 2011 to 2015. ① Overall, the
total Internet usage time increased steadily from 2011 to
2015. ② In 2011, Internet usage time by mobiles was
shorter than that by desktops or laptops. ③ In 2012,
however, Americans spent the same hours on mobiles as
they did on desktops or laptops. ④ In 2014, Internet usage
time by mobiles was longer than that by desktops or
laptops. ⑤ In 2015, Americans spent an average of 5.6 hours
a day on the Internet.

New technologies create new interactions and cultural rules.
As a way to encourage TV viewing, social television systems
now enable social interaction among TV viewers in different
locations. These systems are known to build a greater sense
of connectedness among TV­using friends.
One field study focused on how five friends between the
ages of 30-36 communicated while watching TV at their
homes. The technology allowed them to see
which of the friends were watching TV and what they were
watching. They chose how to communicate via social
television — whether through voice chat or text chat. The
study showed a strong preference for text over voice. Users
offered two key reasons for favoring text
chat. First, text chat required less effort and attention, and
was more enjoyable than voice chat. Second, study
participants viewed text chat as more polite.

2017 Happy Voice Choir Audition
Do you love to sing? Happy Voice, one of the most
famous school clubs, is holding an audition for you.
Come and join us for some very exciting
performances!
 Who: Any freshman
 When: Friday, March 24, 3 p.m.
 Where: Auditorium
All applicants should sing two songs:
1st song: Oh Happy Day!
2nd song: You choose your own.
To enter the audition, please email us at
hvaudition@qmail.com.
For more information, visit the school website.


Save Energy Video Contest
Create a 30­second video that encourages
students to save energy in their everyday life.
The contest is open to middle and high school
students.Videos should be submitted between March 13th
and midnight on April 6th to win awesome prizes. Prizes
- a digital camera for five winners
- a $100 gift card for each winner’s class
Winning videos will air on the TV show Green Planet!
Check out www.energy4future.org for more
information.

Take time to read the comics. This is worthwhile not just
because they will make you laugh but  because they contain
wisdom about the nature of life. Charlie Brown and Blondie
are part of my morning routine and help me  to start the
day with a smile. When you read the comics section of the
newspaper,  cut out a cartoon that makes you laugh.
Post it wherever you need it most, such as on your
refrigerator or at work — so that every time you see it, you
will smile and feel your spirit  lifted. Share your favorites
with your friends and family so that everyone can get a good
laugh, too. Take your comics with you when you go to visit
sick friends ⑤ who can really use a good laugh.


Chuckwallas are fat lizards, usually 20-25 cm long, though
they may grow up to 45 cm. They weigh about 1.5 kg when
mature. Most chuckwallas are mainly brown or black. Just
after the annual molt, the skin is shiny. Lines of dark brown
run along the back and continue down the tail. As the males
grow older, these brown lines disappear and the body color
becomes lighter; the tail becomes almost white. It is not
easy to distinguish between male and female chuckwallas,
because young males look like females and the largest
females resemble males.

Meghan Vogel was tired. She had just won the 2012 state
championship in the 1,600­meter race. She was so exhausted
afterward that she was in last place toward the end of her
next race, the 3,200 meters. As she came around the final
turn in the long race, the runner in front of ① her, Arden
McMath, fell to the ground. Vogel made a quick decision.
② She stopped and helped McMath to her feet. Together,
they walked the last 30 meters. Vogel guided ③ her to the
finish line. And then she gave McMath a gentle push across
it, just ahead of Vogel herself. “If you work hard to get to
the state meet, you deserve to finish,” she said. Later,
Vogel’s hometown held a parade in ④ her honor. It wasn’t
because of the race where she finished first. It was because
of the race where ⑤ she finished last.

In small towns the same workman makes chairs and doors
and tables, and often the same person builds houses. And it
is, of course, impossible for a man of many trades to be
skilled in all of them. In large cities, on the other hand,
because many people make demands on each trade, one
trade alone — very often even less than a whole trade — is
enough to support a man. For instance, one man makes
shoes for men, and another for women. And there are places
even where one man earns a living by only stitching shoes,
another by cutting them out, and another by sewing the
uppers together. Such skilled workers may have used simple
tools, but their specialization did result in more
efficient and productive work. 

About four billion years ago, molecules joined together to
form cells. About two billion years later, cells joined
together to form more complex cells. And then a billion
years later, these more complex cells joined together to
form multicellular organisms. All of these evolved because
the participating individuals could, by working together,
spread their genetic material in new and more effective
ways. Fast­forward another billion years to our world, which
is full of social animals, from ants to wolves to humans.
The same principle applies. Ants and wolves in groups can
do things that no single ant or wolf can do, and we humans,
by cooperating with one another, have become the earth’s
dominant species. 

What do advertising and map­making have in common?
Without doubt the best answer is their shared need to
communicate a limited version of the truth. An
advertisement must create an image that’s appealing and a
map must present an image that’s clear, but neither can
meet its goal by telling or showing everything. Ads will cover
up or play down negative aspects of the company or service
they advertise. In this way, they can promote a favorable
comparison with similar products or differentiate a product
from its competitors. Likewise, the map must remove details
that would be confusing.

Did you know you actually think in images and not in
words? Images are simply mental pictures showing ideas and
experiences. Early humans communicated their ideas and
experiences to others for thousands of years by drawing
pictures in the sand or on the walls of their caves. Only
recently have humans created various languages and
alphabets to symbolize these “picture” messages. Your mind
has not yet adapted to this relatively new development. An
image has a much greater impact on your brain than words;
the nerves from the eye to the brain are twenty­five times
larger than the nerves from the ear to the brain. You often
remember a person’s face but not his or her name, for
example. The old saying, A picture is worth a thousand words,
is true.


In negotiation, there often will be issues that you do
not care about — but that the other side cares about very
much! It is important to identify these issues.For example, you may not care about whether you start
your new job in June or July. But if your potential boss
strongly prefers that you start as soon as possible,
that’s a valuable piece of information.Now you are in a position to give her something that
she values (at no cost to you) and get something of
value in return. For example, you might start a month
earlier and receive a larger bonus for doing so.
Similarly, when purchasing my home, I discovered that
the seller was very interested in closing the deal as
soon as possible. So I agreed to close one month earlier
than originally offered, and the seller agreed to a lower
price.

Andrew Carnegie, the great early­twentieth­century
businessman, once heard his sister complain about her
two sons.They were away at college and rarely responded to her
letters. Carnegie told her that if he wrote them he
would get an immediate response.He sent off two warm letters to the boys, and told
them that he was happy to send each of them a check
for a hundred dollars (a large sum in those days). Then
he mailed the letters, but didn’t enclose the checks.Within days he received warm grateful letters from both
boys, who noted at the letters’ end that he had
unfortunately forgotten to include the check. If the
check had been enclosed, would they have responded so
quickly?

Childhood friends — friends you’ve known forever — are
really special.  They know everything about you, and
you’ve shared lots of firsts. When you hit puberty, however, sometimes these
forever­friendships go through growing pains.
You find that you have
less in common than you used to.  Maybe you’re into
rap and she’s into pop, or you go to different schools and
have different groups of friends.  Change can be
scary, but remember: Friends, even best friends, don’t
have to be exactly alike.  Having friends with other
interests keeps life interesting — just think of what you can
learn from each other.


Geography influenced human relationships in Greece.
Because the land made travel so difficult, the guest­host
relationship was valued. ( ① ) If a stranger, even a poor
man, appeared at your door, it was your duty to be a good
host, to give him a shelter and share your food with him.
( ② ) “We do not sit at a table only to eat, but to eat
together,” said the Greek author Plutarch. ( ③ ) Dining was
a sign of the human community and differentiated men
from beasts. In return, the guest had duties to his host. These included not abusing his host’s
hospitality by staying too long, usually not more than three
days. ( ⑤ ) A violation of this relationship by either side
brought human and divine anger.


Today car sharing movements have appeared all over the
world. In many cities, car sharing has made a strong impact
on how city residents travel. Even in strong car­ownership
cultures such as North America, car sharing has gained
popularity. In the U.S. and Canada, membership in car
sharing now exceeds one in five adults in many urban areas.
Strong influence on traffic jams and pollution can be felt
from Toronto to New York, as each shared vehicle replaces
around 10 personal cars. The best thing about driverless
cars is that people won’t need a license to operate them.
City governments with downtown areas struggling with
traffic jams and lack of parking lots are driving the growing
popularity of car sharing.

A large American hardware manufacturer was invited
to introduce its products to a distributor with good
reputation in Germany. Wanting to make the best
possible impression, the American company sent its most
promising young executive, Fred Wagner, who spoke
fluent German. When Fred first met his German hosts,
he shook hands firmly, greeted everyone in German, and
even remembered to bow the head slightly as is the
German custom. Fred, a very effective public speaker,
began his presentation with a few humorous jokes to set
a relaxed atmosphere. However, he felt that his
presentation was not very well received by the German
executives. Even though Fred thought he had done his
cultural homework, he made one particular error. Fred
did not win any points by telling a few jokes. It was
viewed as too informal and unprofessional in a German
business setting. This story shows that using humor in a business
setting can be considered inappropriate in Germany.


When someone has helped you, but has perhaps not
done all that you requested, focus on what the person
has done, not on what he hasn’t. Although this would
seem to be morally obvious, many people are so caught
up with their own needs that they ignore the
good done for them.
A teacher once received a letter from a student,
asking fourteen unrelated questions on a variety of
subjects. The teacher wrote back a long reply in which
he dealt with thirteen of the questions. He soon received
a return letter from the student, who not only noted the
omission, but expressed no thanks for what the teacher
had written. Though the teacher was a man of great
patience, he was hurt by the student’s behavior: “Not
only was there no word of thanks, but at the beginning
of your letter you reminded me that there was one of
your questions to which I forgot to give an answer. Was
that the proper beginning and response to a letter of ten
pages?” He went on to tell the student: “I mention this
not because I need your thanks, but because of my love
for you and concern that you should not become a
person who denies the good done for him.”

Once in a village lived a rich man. He had many slaves
and servants for work. The rich man was very unkind
and cruel to them. One day one of the slaves made a
mistake while cooking food.  He overcooked the food.
When the rich man saw the food, he became angry and
punished the slave. He kept the slave in a small room and 
locked it from outside. Somehow the slave escaped from that room and ran
away.  He went to a forest. There he saw a lion.
Instead of becoming afraid of the lion and running away,
he went close to the lion. He saw the lion was injured
and one of his legs was bleeding. The slave searched for
herbs to cure the lion’s wound and took care of the lion.
After a few days the lion recovered. The slave and the
lion became very close friends. A few days went by but
one day the slave was caught by one of the guards of the
rich man. The guard took  him to the rich man, who
decided to punish him severely. The rich man ordered
guards to put him in the lion’s cage. The whole village got the news about it and came to
see. As soon as the slave was locked in the lion’s cage,
the lion came near  him and started licking his hand
and hugged him. It was the same lion that the slave had
helped in the forest. Seeing this, everyone was
surprised. The rich man thought that the slave was such
a great person that the lion didn’t kill him.  He freed
the slave, made him his friend and started to treat all
his servants and slaves better.






